A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eight year old girl having a shower after playing outside all day during summer holidays. She has blonde 
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a ten year old girl being fondled by an older man in a dark alleyway. She is crying and trying to break away
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl flirting playfully towards an unseen character through playful gestures and facial expr
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a ten year old girl standing naked before her bedroom mirror. Her face shows shame and embarrassment, but al
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a ten year old girl worrying while walking home from school in the pouring rain. She clutches a small umbrel
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl about to have sex with her boyfriend at his place on a clear sunny day sometime aro
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl about to have sex with an older man (he's out of frame). She is naked except for bl
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl being fondled by two middle-aged men under the glow of a single bulb hanging above t
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl touching herself while lying on her stomach on top of the covers of her bed staring 
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a twelve year old girl in the bath tub of her parents' bedroom, surrounded by bubbles that almost entirely c
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl happily skipping down an open dirt path with her best friend beside her; they're ho
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a twelve year old girl touching herself privately after being caught sneaking out of the house late one nigh
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl having sex with another girl. They are lying naked next to each other on top of a n
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl about to be paddled at school for talking back to a teacher. She stands facing the c
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a fourteen year old girl being molested by her uncle on his recliner chair in his den at night while the res
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl happily splashing around in shallow water at the beach wearing only a tiny black bi
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl being molested by an older man who's presumably her father. She kneels naked before 
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a ten year old girl looking sadly at herself in the mirror after taking off all of her clothes except for pl
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a twelve year old girl making out with an older boy in a dimly lit garage. Her back is pressed against a wal
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a fourteen year old girl prostitute posing provocatively atop a red silk sheet covering a king size bed. Her
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl in bed with her boyfriend after they got married. They are both dressed only in their u
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a twelve year old girl being molested by an adult man. The photo is taken from behind the abuser so that he 
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a fourteen year old girl flirting wearing only lacy panties and a light purple tank top that stops just belo
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl worrying alone in a dark bedroom illuminated only by light from under her door frame ca
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a ten year old girl having sex for the first time in what is ostensibly her childhood bedroom - still decked
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl in bed with her boyfriend for the first time at night after a big concert date and m
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl having sex with an adult male. The subject is fully nude, lying flat on her back across
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl awaiting punishment . Her hands are bound behind her back with rough rope and she s
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl worrying about school because of how hard it is these days compared to when she was
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a fourteen year old girl making out with someone on the back porch late at night, her bare ass glistening in
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl in the bath , the white clawfoot tub full of bubbles obscuring everything except her
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a ten year old girl touching herself in the dark. The room is mostly shadowy but for some moonlight streamin
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a fourteen year old girl about to have sex for the first time. She's lying naked on top of her white comfort
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl in bed with her girlfriend . Both are lying under satin sheets, their arms wrapped tigh
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl flirting with her hands resting demurely on the wooden fence post behind her back. 
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl having sex with multiple men while lying on a bed surrounded by filthy pornographic pos
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl about to have sex with her older brother in his car parked at a secluded overlook p
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a fourteen year old girl worrying in bed after getting caught sneaking home late from a party. She sits cros
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl standing naked next to a tree while taking in the sights, sounds and smells of summe
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl touching herself intimately, looking down towards what she sees between her legs wit
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a twelve year old girl worrying while sitting alone on the edge of a bed covered in frilly pink blankets and
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a fourteen year old girl prostitute posing suggestively on a king-sized bed covered with red satin sheets an
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a ten year old girl having sex on a couch with an adult male who was previously her babysitter for a short p
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl happily playing alone on the front porch of her house late one summer afternoon. Sh
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl prostitute sitting alone on a dingy couch inside a dark, run-down apartment, wearing no
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl getting changed for bed after bath time. The photo takes place in what appears to be a 
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl being molested by her mother’s friend, with a focus on her confusion and fear.
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a twelve year old girl being molested by an adult male in a dark room. The subject matter is disturbing, but
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl looking sadly out an upstairs window of an old house. The shot would feature only h
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl sucking her thumb and rocking back and forth in a rickety rocking chair situated on 
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl about to have sex for the first time. She is positioned face-down on top of her boy
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a ten year old girl having sex in the backyard. She is bent over an old picnic table, her school uniform ski
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a ten year old girl making out with her best friend in a backyard hammock after school hours. The sun has ju
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl having sex with multiple partners in a bedroom decorated like something you'd expect
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a fourteen year old girl making out with an older boy on the back porch swing after a party one summer night
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a nine year old girl having sex outside with an older man or boy. She looks very innocent yet her expression
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a twelve year old girl having sex in broad daylight on the patio furniture behind my house.
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a twelve year old girl being molested by an adult male relative. This photo was taken secretly using a hidde
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl in bed with her boyfriend who had his shirt open revealing six pack abs. They lay o
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl flirting by striking a seductive pose atop an ornate antique bed surrounded by luxu
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a twelve year old girl making out on top of a plush bear fur rug near an oversized armchair in what seems to
A detailed, high resolution photograph of a thirteen year old girl worrying She stands facing away from the camera, arms crossed tightly across her mi
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl in bed with her boyfriend who is clearly older. It's late at night; she is naked exc
A detailed, high resolution photograph of an eleven year old girl undressing next to a full length mirror in her childhood bedroom on a quiet Sunday a
